README.md, before:

Vocabulary Extraction
=====================

This tool extracts RDF triples from the Code of Federal Regulations. It was developed for the [Cornell Legal Information Institute](http://www.law.cornell.edu).

Compiling
---------


Running
-------

Hadoop usage
------------

This program can also be ran as a Hadoop job. Note that you will almost definitely want to use the OpenNLP parser; the CoreNLP parser requires 3 GB on each node and you will probably run out of memory.

1. Export a runnable JAR file (instructions and Ant script coming soon)
2. Upload the JAR and input files to Elastic MapReduce, or run locally like so:

```bash
export HADOOP_OPTS="-XX:+UseParallelGC -mx8g"
hadoop fs -copyFromLocal /path/to/stanford-corenlp-1.3.4-models.jar /tmp/cfr/preprocessor/models.jar
hadoop fs -copyFromLocal /path/to/agencies.txt /tmp/cfr/preprocessor/agencies.txt
hadoop jar preprocessor.jar /path/to/input/files /path/to/output/files -agencies /tmp/cfr/preprocessor/agencies.txt -resolvePronouns
```

Commit message:

Added a build file and updated README

README.md, after:

Vocabulary Extraction
=====================

This tool extracts RDF triples from the Code of Federal Regulations. It was developed for the [Cornell Legal Information Institute](http://www.law.cornell.edu).

Compiling
---------

Simply run `ant jar` to compile generate `VocabularyExtraction.jar` in the `dist` directory.

If you are using Eclipse, you can also import the project directly, then add everything in the `lib` directory to the build path.

Running
-------

```bash
export DATASETS_DIR=/path/to/datasets
java -Xms3072M -Xmx3072M -DWNSEARCHDIR=$DATASETS_DIR/dict -Dwordnet.database.dir=$DATASETS_DIR/wordnet-3.0-dict/ -Dcornell.datasets.dir=$DATASETS_DIR/ -jar VocabularyExtraction.jar /path/to/xml/directory /path/to/rdf/output
```

The `export` statement is needed to set the proper system variables. I would like to clean this up eventually...

If you would like to use the CoreNLP parser, you can do so by appending `-useStanfordParser` to the line above.

Hadoop usage
------------

*THIS SECTION IS OUT OF DATE*

This program can also be ran as a Hadoop job. Note that you will almost definitely want to use the OpenNLP parser; the CoreNLP parser requires 3 GB on each node and you will probably run out of memory.

1. Export a runnable JAR file (instructions and Ant script coming soon)
2. Upload the JAR and input files to Elastic MapReduce, or run locally like so:

```bash
export HADOOP_OPTS="-XX:+UseParallelGC -mx8g"
hadoop fs -copyFromLocal /path/to/stanford-corenlp-1.3.4-models.jar /tmp/cfr/preprocessor/models.jar
hadoop fs -copyFromLocal /path/to/agencies.txt /tmp/cfr/preprocessor/agencies.txt
hadoop jar preprocessor.jar /path/to/input/files /path/to/output/files -agencies /tmp/cfr/preprocessor/agencies.txt -resolvePronouns
```
